Update influxdb client (#12262)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/12262.txt

```release-note:improvement

> secrets/database/influxdb: Upgrade influxdb1 client library and import it from new URI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secrets/database/influxdb: Switch/upgrade to the `influxdb1-client` module
```
